README.md, before:

# ReadMe Info for pp4rs Course Website

This is the source repository for the course website for Programming Practices for Research in Economics.

The website is currently hosted [here](https://lachlandeer.github.io/prog-course-uzh)

#### Author information (the authors)

* Lachlan Deer: @lachlandeer
* Adrian Etter: @aetter
* Julian Langer: @julianlanger
* Max Winkler: @mwinkler

Alternatively, email us at: programming 'AT' econ 'DOT' uzh 'DOT' ch

## Building the Site

We use [MkDocs]() to build the the course websites for this course.

* Install MkDocs with the following command:
```{.bash, id:"j29ie3c7"}
pip install mkdocs
```
* Install the style we use:
```{.bash, id:"j29ie3c7"}
pip install mkdocs-material
```
* Look at a copy of the site served locally on your machine:
```{.bash, id:"j29ie3c7"}
mkdocs serve
```
* Post the site to github pages using:
```{.bash, id:"j29ie3c7"}
mkdocs gh-deploy -r https://github.com/lachlandeer/prog-course-uzh
```


## License

Much of our course has been influenced by existing courses on programming practices.
Please see the [Acknowlegements]() page for further information about those who have had a large influence on our philosophy and on which some materials are based.

All materials, like those that we are based on, are licensed under a Creative Commons CC-BY-NC-SA license. The license allows you to copy, remix and redistribute any of our publicly available materials, under the condition that you attribute the work (details in the license) and do not make profits from it. The copyright notice to be included in any such copies and other derivative work is:

```
Lachlan Deer, Adran Etter, Julian Langer & Max Winkler, 2017, Programming Practices for Research in Economics, University of Zurich
```

Thanks!

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />

This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

Commit message:

further updates to README and license forthe sake of clarity

README.md, after:

# ReadMe Info for pp4rs Course Website

This is the source repository for the course website for Programming Practices for Research in Economics.

The website is currently hosted [here](https://lachlandeer.github.io/prog-course-uzh)

#### Author information (the authors)

* Lachlan Deer: @lachlandeer
* Adrian Etter: @aetter
* Julian Langer: @julianlanger
* Max Winkler: @mwinkler

Alternatively, email us at: programming 'AT' econ 'DOT' uzh 'DOT' ch

## Building the Site

We use [MkDocs]() to build the the course websites for this course.

* Install MkDocs with the following command:
```{.bash, id:"j29ie3c7"}
pip install mkdocs
```
* Install the style we use:
```{.bash, id:"j29ie3c7"}
pip install mkdocs-material
```
* Look at a copy of the site served locally on your machine:
```{.bash, id:"j29ie3c7"}
mkdocs serve
```
* Post the site to github pages using:
```{.bash, id:"j29ie3c7"}
mkdocs gh-deploy -r https://github.com/lachlandeer/prog-course-uzh
```


## License

All materials are licensed under a Creative Commons CC-BY-NC-SA license. The license allows you to copy, remix and redistribute any of our publicly available materials, under the condition that you attribute the work (details in the license) and do not make profits from it. More information is available [here](LICENSE.md)


## Suggested Citation

The suggested citation for the course materials is:

```
Lachlan Deer, Adran Etter, Julian Langer & Max Winkler, 2017, Programming Practices for Research in Economics, University of Zurich
```

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />

This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.
