docs/announcements.md, before:

# Announcements

Important announcements will be posted here to avoid our inboxes getting clogged up.

If you have questions - direct them to us via [Slack](https://pp4rs.slack.com). There's a 'Direct Message' feature so you can contact us individually as needed, but where possible post messages to a channel that all participants can see.

!!! bug "Extra Packages for R"
    *Date Posted: 2017-08-22*

    We added some additional packages for the R sessions.

    **If you have already completed the installation guide**: open RStudio and enter the following into the console and press `Return`:

    ```r linenums="1"
    extra_packages <- c("multiwayvcov", "RSQLite", "dbplyr")
    install.packages(extra_packages)
    ```

    **If you have not yet completed the installation guide**: we have added these packages to the instructions, so you can follow it as is.


!!! note "Welcome Message"
    *Date Posted: 2017-08-18*

    Welcome to the course "Programming Practices for Research in Economics" - 2017 edition.

    Please take a look around the [course website](https://pp4rs.github.io/2017-uzh) before the course begins. All the latest information about the course contents, schedule and course locations (which vary day-by day!) are available on these pages.

    We particularly draw your attention to the:

    *  **[Installation Guide](https://pp4rs.github.io/installation-guide)**. These pages walk you through the steps needed to install all the software for the course.
        * We expect you to have completed it before the course begins.
        * We are offering help to individuals struggling with the steps involved in the installation guide in a 'Help Session' before the course begins: Friday, August 25th, between 9.30 and 12.30 in [SOF-E-09](https://www.openstreetmap.org/way/33806996).
            * Note that we expect you have tried to complete the guide yourself, and we will not be there to do it all for you.
            * The guide is modular in nature - with most steps being independent of those before and after.
            * Learning to install software for scientific research on your own machine is an important task in itself - and we want to help you become self-sufficient in this regard.
    * **[Pre-Course Survey](https://goo.gl/forms/EER5ThZwazBzDvxi2)**.
        * Please fill this out before the course begins.

    To avoid clogging up everyone's inboxes with course email, all future important information will be posted on the course's [Announcements page](https://pp4rs.github.io/2017-uzh/announcements) - be sure to check in there regularly. Smaller pieces of information and course chat will take place inside a chat enviroment, called [Slack](https://www.slack.com). Sign up to join the conversation [here](https://pp4rs.slack.com).

    We look forward to seeing you for Monday, August 28th at 9.30am.

    Best,

    the pp4rs team

Commit message:

new announcment for room change

docs/announcements.md, after:

# Announcements

Important announcements will be posted here to avoid our inboxes getting clogged up.

If you have questions - direct them to us via [Slack](https://pp4rs.slack.com). There's a 'Direct Message' feature so you can contact us individually as needed, but where possible post messages to a channel that all participants can see.

!!! bug "Room re-allocation"
    *Date Posted: 2017-08-31*

    It seems we are not important enoght in the University system, so they double booked us.

    Today, 31 August, we are in SOF-E-17 instead, which is the ground floor of the Department of Economics.

!!! bug "Extra Packages for R"
    *Date Posted: 2017-08-22*

    We added some additional packages for the R sessions.

    **If you have already completed the installation guide**: open RStudio and enter the following into the console and press `Return`:

    ```r linenums="1"
    extra_packages <- c("multiwayvcov", "RSQLite", "dbplyr")
    install.packages(extra_packages)
    ```

    **If you have not yet completed the installation guide**: we have added these packages to the instructions, so you can follow it as is.


!!! note "Welcome Message"
    *Date Posted: 2017-08-18*

    Welcome to the course "Programming Practices for Research in Economics" - 2017 edition.

    Please take a look around the [course website](https://pp4rs.github.io/2017-uzh) before the course begins. All the latest information about the course contents, schedule and course locations (which vary day-by day!) are available on these pages.

    We particularly draw your attention to the:

    *  **[Installation Guide](https://pp4rs.github.io/installation-guide)**. These pages walk you through the steps needed to install all the software for the course.
        * We expect you to have completed it before the course begins.
        * We are offering help to individuals struggling with the steps involved in the installation guide in a 'Help Session' before the course begins: Friday, August 25th, between 9.30 and 12.30 in [SOF-E-09](https://www.openstreetmap.org/way/33806996).
            * Note that we expect you have tried to complete the guide yourself, and we will not be there to do it all for you.
            * The guide is modular in nature - with most steps being independent of those before and after.
            * Learning to install software for scientific research on your own machine is an important task in itself - and we want to help you become self-sufficient in this regard.
    * **[Pre-Course Survey](https://goo.gl/forms/EER5ThZwazBzDvxi2)**.
        * Please fill this out before the course begins.

    To avoid clogging up everyone's inboxes with course email, all future important information will be posted on the course's [Announcements page](https://pp4rs.github.io/2017-uzh/announcements) - be sure to check in there regularly. Smaller pieces of information and course chat will take place inside a chat enviroment, called [Slack](https://www.slack.com). Sign up to join the conversation [here](https://pp4rs.slack.com).

    We look forward to seeing you for Monday, August 28th at 9.30am.

    Best,

    the pp4rs team
