docs/course_prep.md, before:

# Preparing for the Course

## Course Introduction

Please watch the course introduction videos:

* (TBD)

## Coding Bootcamp

To succeed in this course you will need to be willing to get your hands dirty and learn some new coding skills.
We will need you to have acquired some basic coding skills before the course begins, and have curated some resources for you to work through so that we all begin the class from the same set of building blocks.

Please work through the following content before the course begins to build up your basic coding toolkit:

1. Complete the [software installation guide](../software_install).
2. Completion of DataCamp modules on `R`, Version Control with Git, and some command line basics. See below for specifics.
3. Watch the video series 'Working with Git and `R`'.

### Data Camp Courses

!!! tip "Access to DataCamp's Premium Content"

    We use material provided by Datacamp.com that otherwise is only available via paid premium subscriptions. Students can make use of this material with their `@tilburguniversity.edu` account for free.

    1. When logging in to Datacamp.com, choose "Google" and provide your `@tilburguniversity.edu` email address.
    2. After logging in, verify you have access to premium content (e.g., by checking whether you can work on all chapters.
    3. If you can't access premium content, please send an email to our library support team, asking them to provide you with full access for this course. 
    Their email address is `library-scienceskills@tilburguniversity.edu`

    Encountering problems? Check the [sign-up instructions](https://www.tilburguniversity.edu/students/skills/programming) provided by the University’s library.

Please work through the following DataCamp Courses:

1. [Introduction to Shell](https://learn.datacamp.com/courses/introduction-to-shell) (Modules 1 - 2 only)
2. [Introduction to Git](https://learn.datacamp.com/courses/introduction-to-git) (All Modules)
3. [Introduction to R](https://learn.datacamp.com/courses/free-introduction-to-r) (Module 1 only)
4. [Introduction to the Tidyverse](https://learn.datacamp.com/courses/introduction-to-the-tidyverse) (All Modules)
5. [Working with Data in the Tidyverse](https://learn.datacamp.com/courses/working-with-data-in-the-tidyverse) (All Modules)
6. [Reporting with R Markdown](https://learn.datacamp.com/courses/reporting-with-rmarkdown) (Modules 1 - 3)

### Working with Git and `R`

Having learned the essentials from DataCamp - watch the following videos that step through a prototype analytical workflow that you will experience in this course.

* (TBD)

Commit message:

tidy up course prep - finalize coding bootcamp material

docs/course_prep.md, after:

# Preparing for the Course

## Course Introduction

Please watch the course introduction videos:

* *Video link coming soon!*
* *Slides: coming soon*

## Coding Bootcamp

To succeed in this course you will need to be willing to get your hands dirty and learn some new coding skills.
We will need you to have acquired some basic coding skills before the course begins, and have curated some resources for you to work through so that we all begin the class from the same set of building blocks.

Please work through the following content before the course begins to build up your basic coding toolkit:

1. Complete the [software installation guide](../software_install).
2. Completion of DataCamp modules on `R`, Version Control with Git, and some command line basics. See below for specifics.
3. Work through [How to Use Git/Github with R][git-r].

### Data Camp Courses

!!! tip "Access to DataCamp's Premium Content"

    We use material provided by Datacamp.com that otherwise is only available via paid premium subscriptions. Students can make use of this material with their `@tilburguniversity.edu` account for free.

    1. When logging in to Datacamp.com, choose "Google" and provide your `@tilburguniversity.edu` email address.
    2. After logging in, verify you have access to premium content (e.g., by checking whether you can work on all chapters.
    3. If you can't access premium content, please send an email to our library support team, asking them to provide you with full access for this course. 
    Their email address is `library-scienceskills@tilburguniversity.edu`

    Encountering problems? Check the [sign-up instructions](https://www.tilburguniversity.edu/students/skills/programming) provided by the University’s library.

Please work through the following DataCamp Courses:

1. [Introduction to Shell](https://learn.datacamp.com/courses/introduction-to-shell) (Modules 1 - 2 only)
2. [Introduction to Git](https://learn.datacamp.com/courses/introduction-to-git) (All Modules)
3. [Introduction to R](https://learn.datacamp.com/courses/free-introduction-to-r) (Module 1 only)
4. [Introduction to the Tidyverse](https://learn.datacamp.com/courses/introduction-to-the-tidyverse) (All Modules)
5. [Working with Data in the Tidyverse](https://learn.datacamp.com/courses/working-with-data-in-the-tidyverse) (All Modules)
6. [Reporting with R Markdown](https://learn.datacamp.com/courses/reporting-with-rmarkdown) (Modules 1 - 3)

### Working with Git and R

Having learned the essentials from DataCamp in isolation, next you need to work through how to use them together.
Work through the following material on how to use Git with R/RStudio:

* [How to Use Git/Github with R][git-r]

[git-r]: https://rfortherestofus.com/2021/02/how-to-use-git-github-with-r/
