docs/index.md, before:

# Willkommen!

Welcome to the course website for Programming Practices for Research in Economics at the University of Zurich in Fall 2017.


## Important Information

A *preliminary* course syllabus is now available [here](assets/pp4rs-syllabus.pdf)

!!! summary

    * Dates: Daily from August 28th until September 15th (excluding weekends)
    * Morning Session: 9.30 - 12.30
    * Afternoon Session: 14.00 - 17.00
    * Location: See [Schedule](./schedule)
    * Contact: programming@econ.uzh.ch

## Software Installation Guide

You will need to install the necessary software on to your laptop to bring to the class each day so you can code along with us.
The 2017 installation guide is available [here](https://lachlandeer.github.io/prog-course-install-guide/).

!!! tip
    Please try and install all the software before the course begins.
    If you are struggling we are able to help - but we expect you have tried to work through the guide yourself.

    * When: Friday, August 25th, 9.30am - 12.30am (tentative)
    * Where: SOF-E-09

Commit message:

added link to Slack chat on homepage

docs/index.md, after:

# Willkommen!

Welcome to the course website for Programming Practices for Research in Economics at the University of Zurich in Fall 2017.


## Important Information

A course syllabus is now available [here](assets/pp4rs-syllabus.pdf).
We don't anticpate to deviate from the [Schedule](./schedule) too much - follow the [Announcements](./announcments) page for updates.

!!! summary

    * Dates: Daily from August 28th until September 15th (excluding weekends)
    * Morning Session: 9.30 - 12.30
    * Afternoon Session: 14.00 - 17.00
    * Location: See [Schedule](./schedule)
    * Contact: programming@econ.uzh.ch

## Software Installation Guide

You will need to install the necessary software on to your laptop to bring to the class each day so you can code along with us.
The 2017 installation guide is available [here](https://lachlandeer.github.io/prog-course-install-guide/).

!!! tip
    Please try and install all the software before the course begins.
    If you are struggling we are able to help - but we expect you have tried to work through the guide yourself.

    * When: Friday, August 25th, 9.30am - 12.30am (tentative)
    * Where: SOF-E-09

## Slack Chat [<img src="https://maxcdn.icons8.com/Share/icon/Logos//slack1600.png" height="30" />](https://pp4rs.slack.com/)

Throughout the course we will post useful tidbits of information, and answer questions that are slightly off topic in a web-chat environment called Slack. You have received an invitation to join this group via email.

Click [here](https://pp4rs.slack.com/), or on the icon above, to be redirected to the Slack login page for our course.
